♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road
And back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ "Thank you for being a friend" ♪
(serene music playing)
-Hi, Ma. What's that?
-Ziti.
It's 9 o'clock in the morning,
and you're eating pasta?
No, I'm eating a bowl
of Nabisco ziti-os.
I'm eating pasta
because I need to gain weight.
I'm wasting away, Dorothy.
What do you mean?
I got weighed this morning.
I couldn't believe what I saw,
98 pounds.
What's your usual weight?
99.
Ma, you lost 1 pound.
Thank you, Rene Descartes.
I'm looking for advice,
not arithmetic.
Ma, you cannot get upset
over 1 pound.
Maybe you can't.
For 50 years, my weight
hasn't changed an ounce.
Until I'm back to 99,
I'm no longer Sophia Petrillo.
Morning, Dorothy.
Morning, Sophia.
Who?
Dorothy, do you realize
it's only two weeks
till Phyllis Strickley's
beach party?
Two weeks till we get
into bathing suits.
I slipped into last year's bikini.
I think I look good,
but give me your advice.
Can I pull it off?
I'd be surprised if
you could cut it off.
Are you implying that
I might have gained weight?
There's one way to find out.
-Here's the scale.
-Oh, fine.
Whoa!
Sophia, were you looking?
Not until you stepped off.
It's not good when the first rebound
goes into the low 120s.
Blanche, honey, don't worry.
All you need is a little
spring tune-up.
I suppose you don't?
Not really.
Prove it. Put your money
where your mouth is.
If sweet rolls aren't there already.
All right. All right.
But, now, nobody look.
I always thought you had
to pass zero to hit that number.
Obviously, this scale is broken.
I'm not surprised
after that kind of punishment.
You think you're so tiny?
Get weighed.
I never gain weight.
Show us, Rose.
Ok, but I can promise you
I weigh the same
as on my wedding day.
-Moo!
We all need to lose
a few pounds.
We might as well start now.
It's two weeks until Phyllis' party.
Oh, but how?
We could try another health club.
Oh, no way, Rose.
You haven't forgotten what
happened that time we tried that.
Remember the outfits
we ended up with?
This seems like a nice club.
It's for women only.
What's wrong with
the coed gym we just saw?
Blanche, that was nothing
but a pickup scene.
People running around
in skimpy outfits
collecting phone numbers.
That's not true. I wasn't in
a skimpy outfit,
and I got all these.
Hello. I'm Yvonne.
Have you been here before?
Go to women's gyms,
you get hit on by a woman.
I work here.
I didn't mean to imply anything.
She just thought
you were a lesbian.
Yvonne, we want to join a gym.
Well, what kind of exercise
are you interested in?
Oh, nothing radical,
just lose a few pounds.
-Tone up.
-Yes, slim down.
-Get into my summer wardrobe.
-Get into my winter wardrobe.
Get into my bath robe.
Yvonne, we are desperate women,
you've got to help us.
I know just what you need.
Aerobics. It's what I do.
But, Yvonne, you are much
younger than... they are.
I know you'll love aerobics.
It stretches every muscle
in your body.
Honey, I've been stretching
this body for years.
Blanche, sticking your feet
out of the sunroof
of Chrysler New Yorker
doesn't count.
We have a beginner's class
starting in 15 minutes.
With some hard work, your body
can look as good as mine.
All right,
we better get you some outfits.
Oh, it's ok.
We brought out sweats.
Sweats?
Look, ladies,
if you're serious about training
you wanna get off
on the right foot.
Starting with good
work-out shoes.
Now, these are beautiful
and a bargain at $85.
Eighty-five dollars?
That's a bit exhorbent.
And expensive too.
Well, we do have cheaper brands,
but anyone who's serious about
training wouldn't even go near them.
-Well, then, we'll take those.
-Fine.
You'll also need aerobic suits,
warm-up outfits, wristbands,
headbands, leg warmers--
Wait a minute.
Leg warmers?
Well, you need something
to keep your thighs warm.
What are you using now?
Friction, that's why we're here.
Ladies, I'm sorry,
when you told me you were serious
I took you literally.
Just forget this stuff.
-Wear your sweats.
-No, no, no.
-Yvonne, we want all that stuff.
-Yes, we do, we really do.
Well, I don't.
I'm gonna stick with
my sweat suit and my flyers.
I'll see you girls
in the locker room.
-Yvonne, she's not serious.
-Never has been, never will be.
Ok, then, you'll need
new gym bags, water bottles,
vitamin packs,
and most importantly
a sports training bra
to minimize jiggle and bounce.
Yvonne, I think you're missing
the whole point of having breasts.
-We'll take them.
-Great.
Nice outfits, girls.
Shut up, Rose.
I'm Yvonne!
This is it! Woo!
-Woo!
-Woo.
Ok, let's warm up. Woo!
-Woo!
And stretch.
Legs wider.
Ooh. Ooh.
That hurts.
I'm not having any trouble.
Why is it that doesn't surprise me?
Ok, everybody on their feet.
(music plays)
Whirlybirds!
-Whirlybirds!
Jackhammer!
-Jackhammer!
Windshield wipers!
-Windshield wipers!
Uhh! Charley horse! Oh!
Charley horse.
She has a cramp,
you pea brain!
Oh.
(Blanche) All that money,
and we only went twice.
What are you cooking now, Ma?
A Petrillo family delicacy,
double-fudge amaretto ricotta
cheesecake.
What's in it?
This cake is guaranteed to make
me gain back that pound.
Ma, all this eating
you're doing is ridiculous.
I'm sure you're already
back up to 99 pounds.
We'll see.
Wrong again, Kreskin. Still 98.
I can't remember the last time
I weighed 98,
probably in college.
Where did you go to college,
the university of Jupiter?
How are we going to make ourselves
look good for the party?
How else, Rose? By dieting.
It's going to take a little patience
and determination,
but mostly it's going
to take willpower.
We are facing some long, painful,
hunger pang-filled nights.
Who wants to lick the spoon?
I do.
Maybe we could just change
our hairdos.
We cannot do that, Dorothy.
I'm still trying to recover
from the last time.
Remember?
About two years ago?
-That little dinky place?
-With that awful...
I don't think this
was a good idea.
I think you're right.
I've been doing
my own hair for years.
That's why it looks like something
you buy on a stick at half time.
We're a little nervous.
This is an important event.
We want to look perfect.
The man works with scissors,
not a sandblaster.
Ma, this is all a mistake.
We don't belong here.
This is one of those shops
for little old ladies.
Come on. Let's go.
All right.
Who's hair do I wash next?
Mine.
I'm first. I'm the dirtiest.
Oh, God, you are gorgeous.
Yes, I know.
I am Eduardo.
Tonight's important.
We want to look our best.
Don't worry, ladies.
After Eduardo does a woman's hair,
the years melt away.
She is transformed
into a breathtaking,
sensuous, vivacious
Goddess of beauty.
I tried to get that on the sign,
but they charge by the letter.
Let's begin by telling me
what you want me to do.
Here. I have a picture.
Well, this is not you.
You are a vixen.
For you I see a saucier cut,
an Audrey Hepburn look,
simple, elegant,
yet something to accent
these delicate features.
Can you really do all that?
Well, my dear,
styling hair is like making love.
To do it well,
one must have trust, respect,
and a chair you can
pump up and down.
I am your clay. Mold me.
Not so fast.
Eduardo, what are
you going to do with me?
You have good bones.
Yes, this is a strong, noble face,
full of wisdom and sincerity.
-You could be a Greek Goddess.
-Oh, go on, Eduardo.
I said go on, Eduardo.
Give him a break.
He barely got it out once
with a straight face.
Could I be a Goddess too?
No. You are an earth mother,
sweet, compassionate,
but bubbling with sensuality
just below the surface.
Oh, that's a relief.
I always thought it was gas.
Ladies, it's time,
time to walk through
the looking glass,
take that last glimpse
of your former selves,
time to take that giant step
into the world of Eduardo-ism.
You've been drinking again,
haven't you?
Right.
The magic begins.
I'm feeling younger
and sexier already.
How do I look?
Like something
that came out of the air duct
of the starship enterprise.
What?
Ladies, it's time,
time for the unveiling of another
Eduardo masterpiece.
Sit back...
feast your eyes...
and meet the woman you
always dreamt you could be.
Eduardo, you've done it again.
And again.
I still cannot believe
you talked us into that.
Please, you three looked gorgeous.
We didn't even look like ourselves.
What's your point?
You're not helping matters.
We're trying to find a way
to make ourselves look better.
Ok, let me think.
Too bad we're not back home.
There's no place like Sicily.
What do you mean?
There, I'd solve this problem
with one phone call.
-To whom?
-Nicodimo the ugly.
Whenever you wanted
to look gorgeous,
you hired him to be your date.
Women paid him to stand next to them
at parties and look disgusting?
Please, they paid through the nose.
That's also how he usually gave them
their change.
Maybe we don't need
to worry about our bodies.
At the counseling center, we teach
that changing your disposition
can be just as effective
in making a good impression.
Rose, if you're thinking
of one of those personality
enhancing exercises,
you're forgetting
we tried that already.
-And I'll never try that again.
-Remember? Three years ago?
It seems like yesterday...
Damn.
-What's the matter, pussycat?
-I can't balance my checkbook.
Oh, well, I'm only off
by a few pennies.
Back in Sicily, a few pennies
could make the difference
between owning a gun
and having to insert bullets
into your victim manually.
Ok, Ma, I'll try it again.
(doorbell rings)
But there's nothing I hate more.
I spoke too soon.
Hi, babe. It's me, Stan.
Let me rephrase that.
It's me, the new Stan.
What are you talking about?
Don't you notice a difference?
Can't you see the glow?
It's the porch light
glaring off your head.
I thought I heard a man's...
oh, it's you, Stan.
I've just had
an incredible experience
I wanted to share
with my dearest friends.
So, what are you doing here?
I just finished a seminar
with an encounter group
called realizations.
Realizations.
Let me guess.
It's a group that promises
to remove all emotional blocks,
self-denial, and lifelong hang-ups
in two days.
Miss know-it-all.
For your information,
it takes three days.
What happened to you?
I've learned a lot about
what makes Stanley run.
Why I'm reluctant
to make commitments,
why I can't keep friends,
why my business ventures fail.
I finally have an answer.
Because you're a schmuck?
Did you take this seminar?
I think we've heard enough.
I've gone through
a life-changing experience.
I feel like I'm free
to love anybody.
Please, you said the same thing
after you had your vasectomy.
That's ok.
In realizations,
I learned that people
usually hurt each other
unintentionally.
Therefore,
they deserve a second chance.
I hate you.
Nothing can bother me now.
I'm in a fellowship that accepts me,
cares for me, and loves me.
They're there for me.
Let me enroll you all
in that fellowship.
No.
-But you've got to.
-Why?
Because if I don't meet my quota
for enrolling new people
in this loving, accepting,
caring fellowship,
they're going to kick me
out in the street
and never
speak to me again.
Please, at least hear me out.
All right, Stanley.
We'll listen
to what you have to say.
Beautiful.
Let's go someplace
and get comfortable,
get coffee, something to eat.
I'll go change.
We're only going into the kitchen.
I hope you have cheesecake.
That's it. I've had it
with your freeloading.
Get out!
You have so much hostility,
so much aggression,
so much mistrust.
This problem goes deeper
than I thought.
-I'll need steak and cheesecake.
-Get out!
-Dorothy.
-Out!
I'll just leave you the brochure.
Can you believe that man?
He thought he was
going to help us.
Well, he had one good idea.
What was that?
-Cheesecake.
I cannot understand
what you ever saw in that man.
Picture a man 20 pounds lighter,
long wavy hair, rippling muscles.
I can't believe Stan
ever looked like that.
He didn't.
If I'd ever met a man like that,
I'd never have married Stan.
Maybe we shouldn't
be so tough on him.
This brochure
looks interesting
once you overlook
the turbaned guy
waving from the Rolls Royce.
Those things are silly.
"The unexamined life
is a life not worth living."
That's very deep.
And if you're into this stuff,
very reasonable.
It's $17.95 for that slogan printed
on a turban-shaped night light.
Oh, that is so typical.
Those swamis
are just out for a buck.
They can't teach you anything
anyone with any common sense
doesn't already know.
I didn't know that.
A visual aid.
Oh, really, Ram Dass?
If it's all so easy,
let's hear you answer this question.
"Describe your best friend."
That's a really good question.
I'd love to hear the answer.
Well, my best friend is a woman,
someone I have
a great deal in common with.
-Is she pretty?
-Yeah. She's attractive.
Attractive as in wholesome?
Or attractive as in drop-dead
stunningly gorgeous?
Attractive as in attractive.
All right. What else?
She's someone I share
my innermost secrets with
in strictest confidence.
Like when you told me
you borrowed Blanche's car,
dented it,
and said the bag boy did it?
That's not a secret.
I just forgot to mention it.
I think she means
more like the time
she went skinny-dipping
with your cousin Lars
before he gave up the pulpit.
That's a better example of a secret.
Then I am your best friend.
She's been talking about me.
I wasn't talking about
either one of you.
-What?
I've been talking
about both of you.
How could I choose
between you two?
You're both my best friends.
Dorothy, how sweet.
That gives me a warm,
tingly feeling.
If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go
slip under the covers and enjoy it.
Ok, Dorothy, she's gone.
You can tell me the truth.
You were talking about me,
weren't you?
It will be our little secret.
That and the dent
in Blanche's car.
Gotcha.
-You're such a liar.
-What?
Neither of them is your best friend.
I'm your best friend.
You're right.
I was talking about you, Ma.
You are my best friend,
just like I'm your best friend.
Best friend? Please.
You aren't even my favorite child.
When you were 13, there were
neighbor children I liked better.
Pick up a tab once in a while,
Pal O' Mine.
Or let me open my own
social security check.
Best friend.
Yeah. Right.
That little exercise certainly did
not enhance things here.
I wouldn't say that.
After ma blabbed the truth,
you turned the silent treatment
into an art form.
-(timer dings)
-Oh. There's my cake.
You cannot eat cake
after that big bowl of pasta.
It's not healthy.
Sophia, I just thought of something.
You're worried about losing a pound?
You may not be the same height
you always were.
Blanche could be right.
This could be exactly
why you're losing weight.
Remember we put
a mark on the wall
to measure how tall we were?
You said they did that at the home
to show how your height
was declining.
Ma, Blanche is right.
You are a little bit shorter.
You needn't worry
about losing weight.
And you don't have to eat that cake.
Why do I feeling you're
happiest about that part?
You mean us have cake?
Honey, we can't. We're dieting.
Sure smells good though.
Looks even better.
Bet you it tastes even better
than that.
I'm throwing it away.
Don't!
Oh, girls, we can't do this.
Now, remember the party.
It's two weeks from Saturday.
No. This year Phyllis
moved it to Sunday.
Then we have an extra day.
We can worry about
our bodies tomorrow.
I'll get the plates.
-I'll get the forks.
-I'll get the hot fudge.
I'll get the butter to grease
the doorway to get you out.
(theme music playing)